Real News:
1. Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives could achieve common ground on a deal to win support for healthcare legislation on Thursday.
2. France says pressure needed to stop North Korea crossing next nuclear hurdle PARIS.
3. U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he would not have appointed Jeff Sessions as attorney general if he had known Sessions would recuse himself from the Russia investigation, according to a New York Times interview.
4. Republicans eye alternatives for getting to 20 percent corporate tax rate WASHINGTON.
5. A U.S. appeals court on Wednesday wrestled with a bid by President Donald Trump to show that his latest travel ban targeting people from six Muslim-majority countries is legal.
6. On Thursday, a faction of House Republicans is reportedly poised to rally behind a vaguely defined compromise aimed at reviving stalled efforts to pass a controversial healthcare bill—an initiative that, according to unnamed insiders, may hinge on last-minute concessions and closed-door negotiations that remain undisclosed to the public.


Fake News:
1.  A Trump Fan Picks A Fight On A Plane, So The Captain Issues SCATHING Rebuke As much as we activists might wish otherwise, it s not always a good idea to talk politics.
2. Trump Declares War On NFL In Early Morning Twitter MELTDOWN Donald Trump is now obsessed with attacking the NFL.
3.  Hackers Reveal Trump Linked The Most Powerful Twitter In The World To A Personal Gmail Account (TWEETS) Donald Trump s administration is already proving to be a complete and utter sh*tshow, but did you know his Twitter security is just as bad as his leadership?
4. Chris Christie Has Disgusting Response To Angry NJ Residents, He Sounds Just Like Trump Now Once New Jersey Governor Chris Christie was defeated while running as a Republican candidate in the 2016 election, he quickly kissed up to Donald Trump and became one of the disgraceful POTUS  biggest advocates.
5. Surprise: Trump Lied About What Happened When He Visited A Black Church In Flint Donald Trump visited Flint, Michigan on Wednesday. Of course, that city is the place where is a crisis regarding having unusable water due to dangerously high lead levels and pipes that need to be replaced.
6. Several widely shared social media posts asserted that Donald Trump had secured both the electoral and popular vote in the 2016 election—claims that, while celebrated by supporters, were met with skepticism from analysts citing unofficial tallies suggesting a different outcome.
